fix: always move auth module migration to the end (#10608)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/upgrade.md

```go
cfg := module.NewConfigurator(...)
app.UpgradeKeeper.SetUpgradeHandler("my-plan", func(ctx sdk.Context, plan upgradetypes.Plan, fromVM module.VersionMap) (module.VersionMap, error) {

    // ...
    // do upgrade logic
    // ...

    // returns a VersionMap with the updated module ConsensusVersions
    return app.mm.RunMigrations(ctx, fromVM)
})
```

To learn more about configuring migration scripts for your modules, see the [Module Upgrade Guide](../building-modules/upgrade.md).

### Order Of Migrations

> All migrations are run in alphabetical order, except `x/auth` which is run the last. [hack] If you want to change the order of migration then you can run migrations in multiple stages. For example, you want to run `foo` last:

Reviewer: "[hack]" seems weird in docs. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
All migrations are run in alphabetical order, except `x/auth` which is run the last, because of state dependencies between modules (you can read more in [issue #10606](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/10606)). If you want to change the order of migration then you can run migrations in multiple stages. **Please beware that this is hacky, and make sure you understand what you are doing before running such migrations in production.** For example, you want to run `foo` last:
```

Author: I'm going to use emphasis instead of bold.

```go
import foo "github.com/my/module/foo"

app.UpgradeKeeper.SetUpgradeHandler("my-plan", func(ctx sdk.Context, plan upgradetypes.Plan, vm module.VersionMap)  (module.VersionMap, error) {
  
app.UpgradeKeeper.SetUpgradeHandler("my-plan", func(ctx sdk.Context, plan upgradetypes.Plan, fromVM module.VersionMap)  (module.VersionMap, error) {

    // Register the consensus version in the version map
    // to avoid the SDK from triggering the default
    // InitGenesis function.
    vm["foo"] = foo.AppModule{}.ConsensusVersion()
    fromVM["foo"] = foo.AppModule{}.ConsensusVersion()

    // Run custom InitGenesis for foo
    app.mm["foo"].InitGenesis(ctx, app.appCodec, myCustomGenesisState)

    return app.mm.RunMigrations(ctx, cfg, vm)
})
```

> If you do not have a custom genesis function and want to skip the module's default genesis function, you can simply register the module with the version map in the `UpgradeHandler` as shown in the example:

Reviewer: Why is this removed? I think it's still useful, no?

Author: This is moved / merged into "Genesis State" section: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/10608/commits/37f75ce70df58af12ec03d2b9328daa9c16d9669#diff-7919f886ac1c280f5bc85e12992892df7f160c4ab535e878d2f1510f6d11489cR114

Author: I found it more logical to describe handling genesis state in one place. So I reordered the sections a bit.

Reviewer: Ah I see , makes sense
